gh-83638: Add sqlite3.Connection.autocommit for PEP 249 compliant behaviour (#93823)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

  (Contributed by Kumar Aditya in :gh:`93312`.)

sqlite3
-------

> * Add :attr:`~sqlite3.Connection.autocommit` parameter for :pep:`249` compliant

Reviewer: Same here -- property? Attribute?

> * Add :attr:`~sqlite3.Connection.autocommit` parameter for :pep:`249` compliant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add :attr:`~sqlite3.Connection.autocommit` parameter for :pep:`249`-compliant
```

Deprecated
==========

* The :attr:`sqlite3.Connection.isolation_level` parameter is deprecated.

>   Please use the new :attr:`sqlite3.Connection.autocommit` parameter instead.

Reviewer: Not a parameter

* Add a :ref:`command-line interface <sqlite3-cli>`.
  (Contributed by Erlend E. Aasland in :gh:`77617`.)

> * Add :attr:`~sqlite3.Connection.autocommit` attribute for :pep:`249`-compliant
>   transaction handling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add the :attr:`~sqlite3.Connection.autocommit` attribute
  to :class:`~sqlite3.Connection`
  and the *autocommit* parameter to :func:`connect`
  to control :pep:`249`-compliant
  :ref:`transaction handling <sqlite3-controlling-transactions-autocommit>`.
```

* Mention that it is added to the factory function as well
* Clarify and link the relevant class the attribute was added to
* Link the new section describing this new transaction handling in more detail

Also, if/when I edit this, I will change it to use past tense (as the other What's New entries generally do), and maybe worth expanding/clarifying a bit more, since the changes are a bit broader than this implies.
